(A lot of cute props!)
ViVi: It looks like a fairy tale concept!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack"
Choerry: Wow~ So beautiful~
Choerry: I guess she is a celebrity~
JinSoul: Ha... actually we were like that just until a few days ago...
JinSoul: Now you're watching the next girl's photo shooitng.
JinSoul: How do you feel?
Choerry: I feel kind of bittersweet.
Choerry: But I'm so proud at the same time.
JinSoul: Give her an advice as a senior!
Choerry: There's nothing to say because I think she is doing good.
Choerry: (Girl crush unit) You know, our concpet was like serious and strong..
Choerry: But look at that. she's smiling and posing lovely like this all day long.
(Actually. Choeery is good at this, too!)
Choerry: So... I have nothing to tell her.
JInSoul: I'm wondering what concept she is going to have.
Choerry: Right.
Choerry: So please keep your eyes on her.
JinSoul & Choerry: And please look forward to her!
(The fantastic chemistry between two girls of LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE!)
Choerry: I knew it!
JinSoul: We speak the same language!